# Accra - General counter module

**Document reversion**: 1.0.0 2015-07-07

Copyright © 2000-2020 Åke Hedman, [Grodans Paradis
AB](http://www.grodansparadis.com),
\<[akhe@grodansparadis.com](akhe@grodansparadis.com)\>

![Accra](/accra6.png)

This documentation is for the [Accra
module](http://www.grodansparadis.com/accra/accra.html). The module is
available for international purchase from the
[FrogShop](http://www.frogshop.se).

  - [Introduction](Introduction)
  - [Getting Started](Getting%20Started)
  - [Hardware](Hardware)
  - [CAN4VSCP cabling](CAN4VSCP%20cabling)
  - [Updating the firmware](Replacing%20the%20firmware)
  - [Registers](registers)
  - [Abstractions](Abstractions)
  - [Alarms](Alarms)
  - [Decision Matrix](decisionmatrix)
  - [Events](Events)
  - [Recipes](Recipes)
  - [faq](faq)

//**Disclaimer:** © 2011-2015 Grodans Paradis AB. All rights reserved.
Grodans Paradis AB®, logo and combinations thereof, are registered
trademarks of Grodans Paradis AB. Other terms and product names may be
trademarks of others. The information in this document is provided in
connection with Grodans Paradis AB products. No license, express or
implied or otherwise, to any intellectual property right is granted by
this document or in connection with the sale of Grodans Paradis AB
products. Neither the whole nor any part of the information contained in
or the product described in this document may be adapted or reproduced
in any material from except with the prior written permission of the
copyright holder. The product described in this document is subject to
continuous development and improvements. All particulars of the product
and its use contained in this document are given by Grodans Paradis AB
in good faith. However all warranties implied or expressed including but
not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for
purpose are excluded. This document is intended only to assist the
reader in the use of the product. Grodans Paradis AB. shall not be
liable for any loss or damage arising from the use of any information in
this document or any error or omission in such information or any
incorrect use of the product. //

![](/rohs.png) All boards produced by Grodans Paradis AB are ROHS
compliant.

  
\---- ![](/grodan_logo.png)  
<center> **Grodans Paradis AB** Brattbergavägen 17, 827 70 LOS SWEDEN  
**email:** [info@grodansparadis.com](info@grodansparadis.com) **phone:**
+46 (0)8 40011835  
**web:**<https://www.grodansparadis.com>  
</center>
